tar+ssh for fast file transfer (#2161)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/data/moving/index.md

* [Moving files using the HPC web interfaces](web-interface.md)
* [Graphical file transfer tools](graphical_transfer.md)
* [Using rsync for data transfer and synchronization](rsync.md)

> * [Using tar and SSH to speed-up file transfer](tar_ssh.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Using tar and SSH to transfer many small files efficiently](tar_ssh.md)
```
